LFS LiveCD

------------------

I. Introduction

  There have been many livecds (aka bootcds) made and used within
the LFS community. Of particular note were Chris Lingard's and
Jeremy Utley's. By some random freak of chance, however, and perhaps a
bit of persistence on my part, a cd of mine was chosen to be used as the
'official' LFS cd with the release of LFS 6.0.

  I based much of my work on the ideas and work of Chris and Jeremy,
and from suggestions and comments from various LFSers, but the cd has been
still largely my work.  However, for the idea of an official cd to survive
and grow within the community, help and ideas need to continue to come
from more than just one source.

  My intention with the LFS livecd project, then, is to devise a
framework, a usable setting in which others may contribute and build cds
that live up to the official standard.

------------------

II. Software

  An official LFS livecd will contain the following software as a minimum:

An LFS base system

An HTML version of the LFS book

The X Window System Environment

Web Tools
  * Wget
  * Lynx
  * Irssi
  * Firefox
  * Xchat

Text Editors
  * Vim
  * Nano

Network Tools
  * SSH Server and Client
  * NFS Server and Client
  * Smbmount (mount.cifs) for Windows shares
  * Subversion
  * Dhcpcd (DHCP client)

Filesystem Programs
  * Reiserfsprogs
  * Xfsprogs

nALFS - A tool for automating LFS builds

------------------

III. Configuration

  A large part of what will unify the cds as official cds, is not just the
software, but how the software is configured.  I will attempt to keep as
many configuration files for each program in the repository so that all that
is needed is to simply checkout the files for that particular piece of
software

------------------

IV. Basic Installation Steps

  1) Make sure that your host system (the one you'll be building the cd on)
     has the following:

     a. The same kernel version as the cd will have (this is important for X).
        You may also want to take the time now to build squashfs support into
	your kernel, so that you can read squashed files and dirs on the host.

     b. cdrtools - You'll need this to create an iso when the cd is complete.

     c. cpio - You'll need this when creating the initramfs.

     d. squashfs - The most recent version should be good.

  2) Build the base LFS system by the book (with the exception of the
     bootscripts - we'll have our own adjusted bootscripts package)

  3) Build each of the extra packages listed in section II according to the
     instructions in BLFS (as of today, the svn version of BLFS).

  4) 
