applewmproto: relevant only for Mac OS. Not installed by X.org 6.9.0
printproto: LFS LiveCD doesn't support printing
windowswmproto: relevant only for MS Windows. Not installed by X.org 6.9.0
libAppleWM: relevant only for Mac OS. Not installed by X.org 6.9.0
libWindowsWM: relevant only for MS Windows. Not installed by X.org 6.9.0
libXp: LFS LiveCD doesn't support printing
libXprintUtil: LFS LiveCD doesn't support printing
libXprintAppUtil: LFS LiveCD doesn't support printing
appres: X resources aren't used much with GTK2
beforelight: We have another screensaver
bitmap: editing XBM files doesn't fit in the purpose of the CD
editres: X resources aren't used much with GTK2
fonttosfnt: fake TTFs are evil
fslsfonts: X font server is not used on this CD
fstobdf: X font server is not used on this CD
ico: useless demo
lbxproxy: lbx is deprecated
listres: X resources aren't used much with GTK2
luit: used only by xterm which is not on the CD
mkcfm: CID-keyed fonts are not used on the CD
oclock: XFCE already has one clock
pclcomp: LFS LiveCD doesn't support printing
proxymngr: lbx is deprecated
rstart: rsh is inherently insecure
showfont: core X fonts create problems with UTF-8 and thus aren't used
twm: Alexander E. Patrakov is too lazy to configure it
viewres: X resources aren't used much with GTK2
x11perf: useless benchmark
xbiff: mail never arrives to /var/mail on this CD
xclipboard: uses core X fonts that create problems with UTF-8
xclock: XFCE already has one clock
xcmsdb: libX11 has XCMS disabled on this CD
xconsole: uses core X fonts that create problems with UTF-8
xdbedizzy: useless demo
xditview: is anyone going to view groff documents on this CD?
xdm: isn't startx good enough?
xedit: uses core X fonts that create problems with UTF-8
xev: debugging tool. Will be re-added on request.
xeyes: useless toy
xf86dga: useless demo
xfd: core X fonts create problems with UTF-8 and thus aren't used
xfindproxy: lbx is deprecated
xfontsel: core X fonts create problems with UTF-8 and thus aren't used
xfs: X font server is not used on this CD
xfsinfo: X font server is not used on this CD
xfwp: one should use X11 forwarding in ssh instead
xgc: useless demo
xkbevd: not ready yet
xkbprint: produces PostScript files that aren't viewable on this CD
xload: Will be re-added on request
xlogo: useless demo
xlsatoms: X atoms are too low-level and are better left alone
xman: uses core X fonts that create problems with UTF-8
xmessage: uses core X fonts that create problems with UTF-8
xmh: we don't have mh on this CD
xmore: uses core X fonts that create problems with UTF-8
xphelloworld: LFS LiveCD doesn't support printing
xplsprinters: LFS LiveCD doesn't support printing
xpr: LFS LiveCD doesn't support printing
xprehashprinterlist: LFS LiveCD doesn't support printing
xprop: X properties are too low-level and are better left alone
xrx: who uses RX (remote X as a browser plugin)?
xsm: we have xfce4-session
xstdcmap: who has 8-bit video cards now?
xtrap: useless sample clients
xvinfo: produces some information about the XVideo extension
xvinfo: will be re-added on request
xwininfo: debugging tool, will be re-added on request
